README.md, before:

DokuWiki docker container
=========================


To run image:
-------------

	docker run -d -p 80:80 --name my_wiki mprasil/dokuwiki 

You can now visit the install page to configure your new DokuWiki wiki.

For example, if you are running container locally, you can acces the page 
in browser by going to http://127.0.0.1/install.php

To upate the image:
-------------------

First stop your container

	docker stop my_wiki

Then run new container just to hold the volumes

	docker run --volumes-from my_wiki --name my_wiki_data busybox true

Now you can remove old container

	docker rm my_wiki

..and run a new one (you built, pulled before)

	docker run -d -p 80:80 --name my_wiki --volumes-from my_wiki_data mprasil/dokuwiki 

afterwards you can remove data container if you want

	docker rm my_wiki_data

(or keep it for next update, takes no space anyway..)

Optimizing your wiki
--------------------

Lighttpd configuration also includes rewrites, so you can enable 
nice URLs in settings (Advanced -> Nice URLs, set to ".htaccess")

For better performance enable xsendfile in settings.
Set to proprietary lighttpd header (for lighttpd < 1.5)

Build your own
--------------

	docker build -t my_dokuwiki .

Commit message:

Add ability to mount volumes from host
When a volume is mounted using the -v command, the contents of the
volumes are erased, which removes all of the dokuwiki files needed
to get things working. As a working around, the volumes are copied
to another folder, and are re-copied (without overwriting) back to
their original location once the image is running.

README.md, after:

# DokuWiki docker container

This is a fork of mparsil/dokuwiki, where this docker image lets you mount volumes directly rather then through docker containers (though this should work too).

## To run image:

For a quick run, run as

    docker run -d -p 80:80 --name my_wiki deadleg/dokuwiki 

You can now visit the install page to configure your new DokuWiki wiki.

For example, if you are running container locally, you can acces the page 
in browser by going to http://127.0.0.1/install.php

### Using data containers:

To save data using volume containers, create a new container with

    docker run --volumes-from my_wiki --name my_wiki_data busybox true

To start a container with the above volumes, use the command

    docker run -d -p 80:80 --name my_wiki --volumes-from my_wiki_data deadleg/dokuwiki

### Using volumes from host:

You will need the add the following volumes from the host

* dokuwiki/data
* dokuwiki/lib/plugins
* dokuwiki/lib/tpl
* dokuwiki/conf

E.g. add the commands

    -v /host/dokuwiki/data:/dokuwiki/data -v /host/dokuwiki/lib/plugins:/dokuwiki/lib/plugins -v /host/dokuwiki/lib/tpl:/dokuwiki/lib/tpl -v /host/dokuwiki/conf:/dokuwiki/conf

The host folders _must_ be writable by the `www-data` (UID 33, GID 33).

If you are mounting these folders from a samba share, you can add some combination of the following to your mounting options:

    uid=33,gid=33,forceuid,forcegid,noperm,file_mode=0777,dir_mode=0777
    
(These are probably not all needed, setting the uid and gid might be sufficient).

# Optimizing your wiki

Lighttpd configuration also includes rewrites, so you can enable 
nice URLs in settings (Advanced -> Nice URLs, set to ".htaccess")

For better performance enable xsendfile in settings.
Set to proprietary lighttpd header (for lighttpd < 1.5)

# Build your own

	docker build -t my_dokuwiki .
